README.md, before:

# eeclass ppt2pdf downloader

eeclass ppt to pdf downloader

## Intro

有些課程的ppt沒開放下載功能，只能登入eeclass線上使用，這樣做筆記很麻煩:(

所以索性就寫了一個把eeclass的線上ppt轉pdf的Chrome Extension

> 這樣一來，雖然可以直接在pdf上做筆記了，但由於原理是把線上的圖片轉成pdf，所以還是有一些缺點，比方說解析度沒有非常好、pdf裡的文字無法直接在裝置上選取/複製:(

## Demo

- Before

![Before](/demo/Before.png)

- After

![After](/demo/After1.png)

- After (iOS/iPadOS)

![After (iOS/iPadOS)](/demo/After2.png)

- Result

![Result](/demo/Result1.png)

![Result](/demo/Result2.png)

- Result (iOS/iPadOS)

![Result (iOS/iPadOS)](/demo/Result3.png)

![Result (iOS/iPadOS)](/demo/Result4.png)

## Usage (Chrome, Edge)

1. `git clone https://github.com/lebr0nli/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl.git` or [download the zip](https://github.com/lebr0nli/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

2. Open `chrome://extensions` or `edge://extensions` in a new tab.

3. Enable `"Developer mode"` at the top-right of your Chrome or left of your Edge.

4. Drag this folder(`eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl/`) into the page or click the `"Load unpacked"` button that just appeared then select the folder.

5. Enjoy!

## Usage (iOS/iPadOS Safari)

1. Download [userscripts](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/userscripts/id1463298887)

2. Read the [doc](https://github.com/quoid/userscripts#userscripts-safari) of userscript and enable userscript

3. Download [/userscripts/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl.js](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lebr0nli/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl/main/userscripts/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl.js) to your userscript directory

4. Enjoy!

## Disclaimer & Warning

Educational using only!

Don't share the pdf generated by this extension if the teacher/author didn't allow you!

Use at your own risk!

## Third-party Libraries

- [jsPDF](https://github.com/parallax/jsPDF)

Commit message:

Fix some typos and update the usage for safari

README.md, after:

# eeclass ppt2pdf downloader

eeclass ppt to pdf downloader

## Intro

有些課程的ppt沒開放下載功能，只能登入eeclass線上使用，這樣做筆記很麻煩:(

所以索性就寫了一個把eeclass的線上ppt轉pdf的Chrome Extension

> 這樣一來，雖然可以直接在pdf上做筆記了，但由於原理是把線上的圖片轉成pdf，所以還是有一些缺點，比方說解析度沒有非常好、pdf裡的文字無法直接在裝置上選取/複製:(

## Demo

- Before

![Before](/demo/Before.png)

- After

![After](/demo/After1.png)

- After (iOS/iPadOS)

![After (iOS/iPadOS)](/demo/After2.png)

- Result

![Result](/demo/Result1.png)

![Result](/demo/Result2.png)

- Result (iOS/iPadOS)

![Result (iOS/iPadOS)](/demo/Result3.png)

![Result (iOS/iPadOS)](/demo/Result4.png)

## Usage (Chrome, Edge)

1. `git clone https://github.com/lebr0nli/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl.git` or [download the zip](https://github.com/lebr0nli/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

2. Open `chrome://extensions` or `edge://extensions` in a new tab.

3. Enable `"Developer mode"` at the top-right of your Chrome or left of your Edge.

4. Drag this folder(`eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl/`) into the page or click the `"Load unpacked"` button that just appeared then select the folder.

5. Enjoy!

## Usage (iOS/iPadOS Safari)

1. Download [userscripts](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/userscripts/id1463298887)

2. Read the [docs](https://github.com/quoid/userscripts#userscripts-safari) of userscripts and enable userscripts on your device

3. Open [userscripts/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl.user.js](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lebr0nli/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl/main/userscripts/eeclass-ppt2pdf-dl.user.js) in a new tab and open userscripts in your safari to download this extension

4. Enjoy!

## Disclaimer & Warning

Educational using only!

Don't share the pdf generated by this extension if the teacher/author didn't allow you!

Use at your own risk!

## Third-party Libraries

- [jsPDF](https://github.com/parallax/jsPDF)
